Update CSP eligibility and MPO details in FAQ (#127903)
Azure/azure-content: articles/oracle/oracle-db/faq-oracle-database-azure.md

This section includes questions related to onboarding, provisioning, and migrating to Oracle Database@Azure.

### Can a CSP, reseller, or an outsourcer use Oracle Database@Azure?

> Oracle Database@Azure doesn't support cloud service providers (CSPs), or Outsourcer Channel Agreements (OCAs). However, Oracle Database@Azure supports Multi-party private offers. Multi-party private offers are supported in US, UK and Canada. For more information on MPO, please refer the [Azure Marketplace documentation](/partner-center/marketplace-offers/multiparty-private-offers-for-channel-partners).

Reviewer: Not applicable. OK to ignore this suggestion.

> Oracle Database@Azure doesn't support cloud service providers (CSPs), or Outsourcer Channel Agreements (OCAs). However, Oracle Database@Azure supports Multi-party private offers. Multi-party private offers are supported in US, UK and Canada. For more information on MPO, please refer the [Azure Marketplace documentation](/partner-center/marketplace-offers/multiparty-private-offers-for-channel-partners).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oracle Database@Azure doesn't support cloud service providers (CSPs), or Outsourcer Channel Agreements (OCAs). However, Oracle Database@Azure supports multiparty private offers. Multiparty private offers are supported in US, UK, and Canada. For more information on MPO, refer to the [Azure Marketplace documentation](/partner-center/marketplace-offers/multiparty-private-offers-for-channel-partners).
```
